What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It creates the folder as a git repository, which stores a lot of meta data about the history of the repository in a hidden .git directory that the user doesn't need to interact with.  You can see it with ls -a.  Creating a repository allows you to start from scratch.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The stating area allows you to add and change which files you are choosing to commit.  I started to add both reflections files to the staging area, but changed my mind and wanted to add just one, so was able to remove it with rm.  Flexibility.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
You can stage files and then examine what changes have been made by using git diff and git diff --staged to compare between the working directory and the staging area and the staging area and the most recent commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches are human readable labels to identify when you have made experimental changes to the code, but still want to have a working version.  Instead of having to keep track of commit IDs and logging where you made specific changes, you can create a branch and go nuts on it and know exactly where you left off on the main working code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They show how the commits rely on each other and expound on the concept of branches.  You can easily see how a commit could be lost if you don't branch properly and just check out a commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The two branch commits are interweaved? interleaved? and the line changes are merged together to create one branch (in this case, it is the master branch)  In the diagram, it is easy to see if there are any unreachable commits and to see in the --graph where commits were made, so you can go back if you need to to make other changes.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?